c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Presenter.dll.config
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Presenter.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Presenter.pdb
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.pdb
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.pdb
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\obj\Debug\Presenter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\obj\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\obj\Debug\Presenter.dll
c:\users\hhdd_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Presenter\Presenter\obj\Debug\Presenter.pdb
